Added PET-OMAD-S and PET-OMAD-XS models (#73)
lab-cosmo/pet-mad: README.md

|:------------|:-----------------------:|:----------------------:|:-----------------------:|:---------------------:|
| PET-MAD     | PBEsol                  | S                      | materials and molecules | MAD                   |
| PET-OMAD    | PBEsol                  | XS, S, L               | materials and molecules | OMat -> MAD           |
| PET-OAM     | PBE (Materials Project) | L, XL                  | materials               | OMat -> sAlex+MPtrj   |
| PET-OMat    | PBE                     | XS, S, M, L, XL        | materials               | OMat                  |
| PET-OMATPES | r2SCAN                  | L                      | materials               | OMat -> MATPES        |
| PET-SPICE   | ωB97M-D3                | S, L                   | molecules               | SPICE                 | 

We recommend using the PET-MAD model for molecular dynamics simulations of materials, PET-OAM models for materials 
discovery tasks (convex hull energies, geometry optimization, phonons, etc), and PET-SPICE for accurate and fast 
simulations of biomolecules. PET-OMAD models are theoretically more accurate and potentially faster than PET-MAD,

> but they were not tested as extensively yet, so we recommend using them with caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simulations of biomolecules. PET-OMAD models are more accurate and potentially faster than PET-MAD,
but they were not tested as extensively yet.
```
